hey guys Andrew shrout I'm here the
sideboard with William Peters how's it
goin William how you doin lander I'm
doing all right and you're doing alright
too so you have shown up to play today
with four of a card from in 15 and I
think a lot of people were waiting to
see in action you're playing a black red
generator servant deck that's correct
danger so tell me a little about why you
chose to play this deck today well
because originally i wanted to use
generate a servant to make a dragon deck
okay and then turns out dragon decks or
bad well we did we kept the Dragon will
get without but but uh yeah I decided it
had a good curve to it sure good at
aggressiveness and you could really just
attack the hand and put out big
creatures that they couldn't answer okay
you can't answer them all they're too
many sure it's great fair enough so just
even though the dragon theme deck didn't
quite work out the just giant fatty
Timmy deck okay just the core of five
drops coming into play with haste on
turn three it seems good alright that
still seems reasonable I like it alright
so talk to me specifically about
generator servant has that card worked
out for you kind of the way you drew it
up or do people just kill it on site how
many times have you lived the dream
today I've gotten to live a dream about
a good four or five times okay and after
the jig was up someone's like I don't
want waste removal but it's got to go
sure it does have to go but I know it's
been it's been great okay especially in
just the shell but I have it in right
now I I like it alright so you have four
generator turbines for brain maggots
those are your two two drops and then
your then then we're kind of top Eddie
so it we're just going fatties yeah you
know like the fatties that you have to
kind of generate out with generator
servant you mentioned dragons really you
do a for storm breath dragon the car
already has hey so it's like kind of a
waste of pace but cars just too good not
to play turn three and still the curve
works with the rest of my deck as well
okay and then some of the other cards
here are na cards that we've seen a lot
of traditionally but they definitely
seem really interesting in the shell you
for underworld Cerberus I do underworld
service is by far the best card in this
deck okay it does everything I want to
do if it comes out on turn three and it
just swings they can't block it nobody's
going to be a little block it it has
before
by three creature right and then when it
dies i get my generation serving it back
and I get to reset up if I hold on to us
and baggy and I play other stuff out
more like I got desecration demon in
there too sure on turn 3 a 66 demon
going Adam yep it's pretty good okay so
yeah that's the other paste the other
big four of expensive thing that you're
kind of plowing out with generator
servant and you can again as you
mentioned the underworld servers kind of
lets you rebuy everything so you tend to
like kind of save it for last uh
sometimes I'll save it for you at last
yeah but man if you just give that
special sweet curve yeah you got to go
for it sure because you'll naturally
curve into the other stuff as well too
right okay and then kind of in the
middle there we have a couple of three
drops that are some heavy hitters life
mein zombie your black deck you got to
play life mein zombie cards just too
good it hits the green white decks yup I
got boros reckoner with it today which
saved my life ok has evasion yep and
then the other car you're going to talk
about is master yes master feast is a
car that's been under a don't feel has
good shelf but I feel here it works ok
because you know you'll get your value
of haste you'll hit them or 45 if you
generate it you don't really care if
they draw all the cards because if they
waste removal on it that's something
they're not wasting remove one later on
on your your bigger things like storm
breath right you're sure that's not
actually bigger but I guess you're
you're more resilient threats then I
mean against John John monsters and for
most part my stuff's bigger sure what
one one particular thing that you
mentioned earlier that I thought was
actually really cool while we were
sitting down you brought up that if you
use generator servant you get two mana
and if you are casting two different
creature spells they both get hate yeah
for example like I'm turned four if you
have you know for black lands in play
you can just sack generator servant
place you master the peace and diamond
from Ted just 10 10 with haste yeah it
seems good right it does seem good and
yeah I guess the big drawback I think it
everyone's afraid of with master fees
you don't wanna give your opponent cards
but when giving master fees tastes kind
of gets around that because you actually
get your damage worth out of it before
you have to give them a first card
correct so that's kind of the appeal
they're even still it's a 55 flyer sure
yeah not not to be messy yeah
John merits all right and then the other
card in the main deck this one not a car
we see plenty of this card inside boards
I haven't seen a ton of it in main decks
you have to drown in sorrow than the
main deck I do I have to I have to
respect the aggressive meta here dallas
texas in general is very aggressive
attack Iannetta that's definitely
something i noticed some I my first trip
here a couple couple months ago I just
had to respect it also i know it gets a
lot of merfolk it'll get a master of the
master waves yea master waves and his
tokens even when they have out that
annoying temp triumph okay so it does
wonders it saved my life multiple times
reading and I imagine most people would
not see it coming out of a generator
server at all alright that seems
reasonable so uh what are you hoping to
play against them today uh I went
against model black and I just had a
phenomenal match I'd like to play
against them more I believe I have a
good matchup against jund as well I'm
5050 against a blue mono blue devotion I
really got hit my removal spell while I
don't carry well I don't have many sure
I you know when you hit them very fair
just sweet right okay so what are you
what are you hoping to avoid then what's
the bad match okay I really just don't
want to play against anything super
aggressive I'd sooner play against
control cuz again become answer at all
sure but yeah you have for storm breaths
you have the the server says let you get
back your threats after the deal with
them so I can see this deck being pretty
well positioned against control a lot of
discard as well so all right then the
drowning sorrows then our kind of
compensating for what you can think
we're not a good matchup test play
against my friend he played an
aggressive deck and I just got curb
stomp okay this is bad so you just do
not want to play against the the fire
drinker satyrs the soldiers of the
Pantheon unless I have a drone and
sorrel on hand fair enough alright
alright cool so you're wearing round six
right yes and you are sitting at five
and one correct so you're definitely
you're on pace making it through yeah is
that definitely a pretty strong start
tell me a little bout how your
tournaments going so far so far it's
been good you know my my opponents a few
of them have been bad bad luck you know
other ones that just feel bad for them
because it
okay you feel bad like yay so there's
six coming at you turn three you can't
do anything about it and then are you
dead dead oh I my toe blue I wouldn't
feel bad about that at all mono blue I
killed a guy with a rectus charm nice i
was bored top deck day he had a master
waves just gone okay you just took took
ten basic job yeah all right great not
bad sweet well thanks you sitting down
Finn I'll be ready for you stick around
we've got plenty more coverage coming of
the standard open here in Dallas
you